server/README.md, before:

# Backend
- App workflow
  - 1 route to communicate with frontend for every feedback submission
  - Backend will save feedback in DB and send email to the owner of the app the uses the feedback widget
- Initial setup
  - TS
  - ts-node-dev
  - Setup Express
- Prisma setup
- Route for feeback
- Email Service -> mailtrap
- SOLID Principles
  1. Single Responsability Principle(*): each class/function has a unique responsibility.
  2. Open/Closed Principle: classes in an app must be open for extension but closed to modification (immutability).
  3. Liskov Substitution Principle(*): we should be able to replace a parent class with an inherited class, and everything should remain the same. The inherited classes must completely incorporate the parent class.
  4. Interface Segregation Principle: class Impressora implements Imprimir, Scannear, Digitalizar (we should try to break interfaces as much as we can) instead of class Impressora implements MegaImpressora
  5. Dependency Inversion Principle(*): instead of a class search for external dependencies, its internal context must say what to use. Makes app more testable. It separates the logic from external tools.
- Using SOLID in the application
- Setting up jest
- Unit tests in the application

Commit message:

docs: updated readme with notes regarding patterns used in this project so far

server/README.md, after:

# Backend
- App workflow
  - 1 route to communicate with frontend for every feedback submission
  - Backend will save feedback in DB and send email to the owner of the app the uses the feedback widget
- Initial setup
  - TS
  - ts-node-dev
  - Setup Express
- Prisma setup
- Route for feeback
- Email Service -> mailtrap
- SOLID Principles
  1. Single Responsability Principle(*): each class/function has a unique responsibility.
  2. Open/Closed Principle: classes in an app must be open for extension but closed to modification (immutability).
  3. Liskov Substitution Principle(*): we should be able to replace a parent class with an inherited class, and everything should remain the same. The inherited classes must completely incorporate the parent class.
  4. Interface Segregation Principle: class Impressora implements Imprimir, Scannear, Digitalizar (we should try to break interfaces as much as we can) instead of class Impressora implements MegaImpressora
  5. Dependency Inversion Principle(*): instead of a class search for external dependencies, its internal context must say what to use. Makes app more testable. It separates the logic from external tools (what we don't have control that it will work at all times).
    - Database
    - Mail Service -> side effect
- Using SOLID in the application
- Setting up jest
- Unit tests in the application



Refactoring patterns:
- Repository/data map pattern -> repositories folder -> files that are responsible to make the communication between our application and the database

IFeedbacksRepository -> "contract" -> tells which operations can happen with the database
PrismaFeedbackRepository -> implementations -> implements the operations described in the "contract"
Benefits -> hot swap prisma with another tool. I can create another class that implements the method of my "contract", and everything will work in the same way.

repositories layer -> data
service layer -> business logic
